TOWER TOPPLER
-------------

Goal
----

The goal of the game is to reach the target door of each of the 8
towers in currently 2 missions with this little green animal. This
door is usually at the very top of the tower.

But finding the way by using elevators and walking trough a maze of
doors and platforms is not the only problem you have to solve. There
are a bunch of other creatures living on the tower that will hinder
you to reach your target by pushing you over the edge of the
platforms.

The only weapon of defence you have is to throw a little snowball. But
most of the other creatures just don't care about this. So you must
avoid them.

Commandline Parameters
----------------------

-f starts the game in fullscreen mode. But be carefully! If the game
crashes it doesn't restore the original resolution, it stays in 660x480
pixel mode.

-s makes the game silent. If you don't have a soundcard or for another
reason get an "can't open audio" error try this option.

Controls
--------

In the menu you can select the mission you want to play next with the
left and right cursor keys.  Press space or return on the start menu
item to start the game.

The animal is controlled by the cursor keys and space (or return).
Left and Right make the animal walk. Up and down make the elevators
move if you are on one. (The elevator platforms are a little bit
smaller than the normal platforms.)  If you are in front of a door
press up to enter it.  Pressing the space key will either throw a
snowball if you are standing still or make the animal jump if you are
walking.

Contact
-------

Webpage: toppler.sf.net
Email  : roever@users.sf.net

